Reimplement channel_listen as context manager (#2856)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/integrations/channels.md

                },
            )

>         async with ws.channel_listen("chat.message", groups=room_ids) as cm:
>             # Optionally: Confirm subscription with `yield None`
>             async for message in cm:
>                 if message["room_id"] in room_ids:
>                     yield ChatRoomMessage(
>                         room_name=message["room_id"],
>                         message=message["message"],
>                         current_user=user,
>                     )

Reviewer: These docs need an update now :)

```suggestion
        async with ws.listen_to_channel("chat.message", groups=room_ids) as cm:
            async for message in cm:
                if message["room_id"] in room_ids:
                    yield ChatRoomMessage(
                        room_name=message["room_id"],
                        message=message["message"],
                        current_user=user,
                    )
```

<Note>

The `ChannelsConsumer` instance is shared between all subscriptions created in

> a single websocket connection. The `ws.channel_listen` context manager will return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a single websocket connection. The `ws.listen_to_channel` context manager will return
```

Here as well :)
